>> Brian Holt: So
kinda to recap where we were,
we've now integrated Redux into
our application, it now works.
So if I type black right there,
and I go into Black Mirror and
then I come back out of it,
notice that black is still up there.
That's because Redux
is keeping that state.
>> Brian Holt: And, yeah,
so we were able to do that.
It's not fun to refactor to include Redux,
cuz it involves
touching a lot of pieces of your code, and
those sorts of refactors are the worst.
There's lots of potential for
breakage, but
now that it's in there it's actually
pretty convenient to keep using it and
to keep dispatching actions via
the reducers and all that kind of stuff.
So something that we have not done yet is
we have not integrated flow into Redux yet
and I did this on purpose because you
can do Redux, again, without flow.
I wanted to show you how to do that,
but now that you've seen how to do
Redux without flow, I wanna go back and
refactor to include flow and luckily,
because of the patterns that we followed,
it's not gonna be terribly difficult.
So the first thing I want you to do
is we're gonna open our type's file.
This is inside of your
flow type directory.
We'll gonna add three new types in here.
For the most part of easy like
already rely on the part with it.
If you notice inside
your MPM Directory here,
down here you're gonna have some Redux
types down here already included,
but what we're gonna do now is
we're going to go type our actions.
And [COUGH] I admit that I totally
lifted this from the Facebook F8 app,
that's kind of like
the best example app for
how to use Flow with various
different components.
So definitely one I would
suggest checking out.
It was their open source app that
they wrote for their F8 conference.
So the first thing we're gonna do is we're
going to declare all of the potential
action types that we could,
that we can have.
So the first one we'll gonna say is
declare type ActionType
= 'SET_SEARCH_TERM'.
This is what we'll call in enumerated
type, which, if you've worked in various
other program languages,
you will usually see here and there.
This is just saying,
I have this action type, and for
this particular case our action type
can literally only be this string.
If it's literally anything else,
you're gonna get a type checker error.
However, as we add more action types,
we're just gonna keep adding them there,
and so an action type can be
one of these strings, right?
So for
this particular one it's set search term.
So the second thing that we're gonna have,
is we're going to have an action
type that's gonna be generic.
So we're gonna say declare type ActionT,
and
this is gonna take in an A,
which is gonna be an ActionType.
That's gonna take in a P,
which is going to be some sort of payload.
So we're just using A and
P to B generic types, right?
I'll show you how to use this momentarily.
So the first thing is gonna have the type,
right, cuz every action has a type.
It's gonna be A and it's gonna have
the payload, which is gonna be P.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
So these two types are purely for
internal use inside of this type file.
The one that we're actually going
to export out into the world
is called Action.
So we're going to export Type Action
= ActionT<'SET_SEARCH_TERM', string.
Type Action = ActtionT<'SET_SEARCH_TERM,
string.
>> Brian Holt: So we have action type,
this is always going to be a string,
in this case, it's always gonna be
the set search term string, right?
We have this kind of generic action type
that's gonna take in, as you can see here,
it takes in this parameter and
this parameter.
So it takes in an action type and it takes
in a payload type of some sort, right?
Cuz your payloads can vary
from action to action, right?
We're actually gonna write
one here momentarily,
that it's gonna be an object, right?
But for this particular one,
it's just gonna be a generic P, right?
And the payload's going to be that, right?
So for every time that we have
a SET_SEARCH_TERM action,
it's type is going to be string for
the payload, right?
Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Sort of?
>> Speaker 2: Could you
explain that syntax?
>> Brian Holt: The angle brackets?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Sure, so
when you do these angle brackets,
this is like parameters that you're
giving to that particular item.
So for examplem you've done this earlier
where we had an array of show, right?
So we're handing another
type to this type.
So, in particular for this array of show,
it's going to go validate that everything
inside of it is a show, right?
For ours here that we're doing
we're gonna validate that
the first item is going to
be the type of the action.
And the second type, the P, is going to
be whatever the type of the payload is.
So the payload for SET_SEARCH_TERMS
is always going to be a string.
So if I try and create a SET_SEARCH_TERM
action that's a number,
it's gonna fail my type checker,
which is exactly what I want it to do.
>> Speaker 2: For sure, I guess I was
curious is that an ES 6 [CROSSTALK].
>> Brian Holt: This is a flow,
purely flow stuff, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, gotcha.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
>> Brian Holt: And then what I'll do here
for action, right now, the only action
that I have in this application
is this set search term action.
But as we come and add more actions,
what we're gonna say is
this can be this kind of action or
it can be this kind of action, right?
We'll create each different kind
of action that we can have.
Which will be great because flow will
actually be the one that's like hey,
you're dispatched in this action and
that's not a valid action, right?
That's gonna save you a ton
of bugs that way, but
that you're not gonna be
dispatching wrong sorts of actions.
>> Brian Holt: So this will get us
started, and as we go do the next actions,
when we get to the asynchronous actions,
we'll go write another action types.
You can see what it looks like when there
are multiple different types of actions.
Okay, so, now we have to go opt
in all of our files to flow.
So open reducers,
>> Brian Holt: And say at flow.
Open store,
add at flow,
open action creators.
By the way, you will still be getting this
lint error, we'll be fixing that here in
just a little bit, but if you're still
seeing ESLint errors, that's expected.
>> Brian Holt: Save action creators.
>> Brian Holt: And
then lastly we have actions, and
we'll need to go opt that
one into Flow as well.